i
Hi, how are you?
this time I will show you how to make some
very beautiful Christmas decorations very easy
made with pet caps I invite you to
subscribe and follow us on the networks
social also I wait for you our channel
yury craft where soon you will see more
creations and ideas by clicking here to
subscribe we start the material to
use I leave it at the end I'll start
piercing half the side of the
covers with the help of the tongs for
avoid injuring us
a pair of the caps will be pierced by
both sides and the third one only
already perforated continues painting with
white paint and we wait for it to dry
dry the lids with a pointed brush
thin I will make your face
with black paint I will make some points
that will be eyes and mouth
the eyes will be in a couple of more points
big
and for the mouth score in the form of v
in the second stage I'll do a couple of
points
and also with the third one in such a way
that are more or less aligned
with the orange paint I will realize its
forget the good pulse because
here the shape of the nose you can make it
followed
inserted the thread into the needle let's go
joining the covers by the perforations
what we did at the beginning doing several
knots
I am the only nile because personally
This makes your marriage stronger
you can use any other glue
resistant of your preference
with the felt I will cut one more picture
larger than the diameter of the cap
I will hit at eye level and cut
giving it a hat shape
If you do not have a good pulse at the moment of
cut you can first draw it on the
felt and then cut it
with the thin red ribbon decorate the
hat sticking this around
and the decorated ribbon will wrap it
simulating a scarf and I'll stick
with him clean black pipes we will make
handyman we calculate the size and cut
also with the remainder we cut some
smaller sections and join twisting
the
ready the little hands we will stick them to the
sides giving it a nice touch
to what is now our little doll
of snow
now I will place this little bell
again I will give a stitch and cancel
remember that if you prefer you can
stick it
to finish you can place a
Crochet lace or thread to place it
either in your Christmas tree or for
decorate some other part of your home
look here I leave you with the final result
of these cute snowmen and what
you think this penguin which soon
you will see inside the hooray kraft channel
thank you very much for being here in this you
channel if you like it like it shares
remember to subscribe because this is from
great help to be able to follow
sharing more ideas with you follow us
by social networks
do not forget to subscribe to our channel
durey craft where you will soon find
many surprises greetings
the materials to create this doll
snow are three felt pet caps
Foami or black carton jingle bells
small a clean black pipes ribbon
red and decorated 15 centimeters
approximately black acrylic paint
orange and white 2 brushes thick point
and fine point khanabad needle and thread
nylon silicone gun forceps and
scissors